feat: add support for validate-inputs subcomand (#9)
stjude-rust-labs/sprocket-action: README.md

# Sprocket GitHub Action

> This action provides the functionality of the [Sprocket](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/sprocket) tool.

Reviewer: This sentence feels kind of half-finished to me. I'd add a little more, something like:
```suggestion
This action provides select functionality of the [Sprocket](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/sprocket) command line tool for use in CI/CD pipelines.
```

## `check` | `lint`

> The `check` and `lint` subcommands perform static analysis on WDL documents. The `lint` command (or the `lint: true` option to `check`) additionally enables linting rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `check` and `lint` subcommands perform static analysis on WDL documents. The `lint: true` option additionally enables linting rules. The `lint` subcommand is an alias for `check` with linting enabled.
```

### Inputs

#### `lint`

> **Optional** Whether to run linting in addition to validation. Boolean, valid choices: ["true", "false"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Optional** Whether to run linting in addition to validation. Boolean, valid choices: ["true", "false"].
```

**Optional** Comma separated list of patterns to exclude when searching for WDL files.

#### `deny-warnings`

**Optional** If specified, Sprocket `check` will fail if any `warnings` are produced.

#### `deny-notes`

**Optional** If specified, Sprocket `check` will fail if any `notes` are produced.

#### `except`

**Optional** If specified, then the listed rules will be excepted from all `sprocket check` reports. Multiple rules can be specified as a comma-separated list, e.g. `CallInputSpacing,CommandSectionMixedIndentation`. Valid options can be found at: [analysis rules](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/wdl-analysis/RULES.md) and [lint rules](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/wdl-lint/RULES.md).

### Example usage

```yaml
uses: stjude-rust-labs/sprocket-action@main
with:
    action: check
    lint: true
    exclude-patterns: template,test
    except: TrailingComma,ContainerValue
```

The action `lint` can be specified and is equivalent to specifying `action: check` and `lint: true`.

```yaml
uses: stjude-rust-labs/sprocket-action@main
with:
    action: lint
    exclude-patterns: template,test
    except: TrailingComma,ContainerValue

> ```

Reviewer: Is it necessary to expose `lint`? I wonder if we'd be better off just leaving it at `check`... I'm on the fence, not sure which is best.

Author: To me, it's not much extra effort to support it. It's the same code block as `check`. It's just a convenience function, but since it is exposed as a subcommand of `sprocket`, I figured we should include it here too. I'm open to changing that, but that was my logic for including it.

Reviewer: I'm not worried about the extra maintenance or code complexity of supporting `lint` in  addition to `check`, but rather my concern is that it complicated the README/UX by some degree...

Reviewer: Have thought about it some more. I think you're right that as long as `check` and `lint` both exist as subcommands for `sprocket` we should expose them here. It makes sense to be consistent.

## `validate-inputs`

Validates an input JSON against a task or workflow input schema.

### Inputs

#### wdl_file

A WDL document containing a task or workflow for which to check inputs.

#### inputs_file

> A JSON format inputs file for the task or workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JSON format inputs file for the task or workflow.
```

**Optional** If specified, Sprocket `check` will fail if any `warnings` are produced.

#### `deny-notes`

**Optional** If specified, Sprocket `check` will fail if any `notes` are produced.

#### `except`

**Optional** If specified, then the listed rules will be excepted from all `sprocket check` reports. Multiple rules can be specified as a comma-separated list, e.g. `CallInputSpacing,CommandSectionMixedIndentation`. Valid options can be found at: [analysis rules](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/wdl-analysis/RULES.md) and [lint rules](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/wdl-lint/RULES.md).

### Example usage

```yaml
uses: stjude-rust-labs/sprocket-action@main
with:
    action: check
    lint: true
    exclude-patterns: template,test
    except: TrailingComma,ContainerValue
```

The action `lint` can be specified and is equivalent to specifying `action: check` and `lint: true`.

```yaml
uses: stjude-rust-labs/sprocket-action@main
with:
    action: lint
    exclude-patterns: template,test
    except: TrailingComma,ContainerValue
```

## `validate-inputs`

Validates an input JSON against a task or workflow input schema.

### Inputs

> #### wdl_file
> 
> A comma-separated list of WDL documents containing a task or workflow for which to check inputs.
> 
> #### inputs_file

Reviewer: nit: can we pluralize these input names?
```suggestion
#### wdl_files

A comma-separated list of WDL documents containing a task or workflow for which to check inputs.

#### inputs_files
```

Author: I was resisting/avoiding that change, but I've made it now.
